  # *Final Boss*
  ## "Ok! That's it for today. I'll see you later for assembly." Ms Low called out as the bell rang. "Thank you and goodbye, Ms Low." The usual monotonous line rang out through the classroom, but half the class wasn't even paying attention at this point. The moment the bell rang, everyone had already whipped out their handphones. "Once the bell rings, it's always handphone, handphone, handphone... All the Year 1s have a handphone addiction, is it?" Ms Low shook her head, obvious disappointment on her face. "Yeah. But at least better than cocaine or something, right?" Chen Ze replied, earning the laughs of his classmates. With one last shake of her head, Ms Low stepped out of their classroom, leaving the class to its antics. 
  ### "Anyone want to play friendly?" Keith called out, already logging in to Brawl Stars. "Ok. Count me in." Charlotte replied, whipping out her handphone too. The veterans of Brawl Stars all whipped out their phones and logged in, if they weren't already. "What event do you guys want to play? Solo? Duo? Brawl Ball?" Charlotte asked, scrolling through the many options. "Too bad we can't play Boss Fight together. It would've been defeated in less than a minute with all of us." Chern Xi remarked, seeing that the Boss Fight event was available. "That's precisely why Supercell doesn't allow that. They can't make it that easy for people to win, can they?" Liqi replied, plugging in his earpiece. "Yeah, I guess... But how cool would that be! Everyone here inside the game, fighting one big bad guy..." Chern Xi replied. 
  #### All of a sudden, a bright light engulfed the classroom. "What the hell?! Who turned on their flashlight?!" Victor yelled out, shielding his eyes from the blinding light. "Flashlight? Are you dumb? How can a flashlight produce this kind of bright light?" Can Ran yelled in reply. The light became brighter and brighter, and all 35 kids squeezed their eyes shut. At this point, if they opened their eyes, they risked going completely blind. Slowly, the light faded from the classroom and everyone could open their eyes. But the view that awaited these kids weren't at all what they expected it to be. 
  ##### "Huh? Where are we?" Chern Xi asked, looking around at the foreign world. Tall blocks of stone surrounded the group. It was like they were stuck in a maze. "Forget where we are! Look at what we're wearing!" Clarissa shouted. Everyone looked down at their clothes, and only then did they realise that they were no longer wearing their white school uniform, but colourful costumes that looked awfully familiar to a few of them. "What the hell..." Can Ran said. 
  ###### "Huh? What? What's going on? Guys?" Joshua murmured sleepily, eyes half open. "Joshua! Look down! Look at your phone! Victor screamed, waving his arms around wildly. "Huh?" Joshua glanced down and blinked a couple times. "Guys? Is that you?" Joshua asked unsurely. "Yes! We got pulled into the game, for some reason! Who are you controlling?!" Charlotte called out, trying to get Joshua's attention. "Huh? All right... Let's find out..." Joshua replied sleepily. He picked up his phone, shaking everyone off their feet. "Oi Joshua! Be careful!" Chern Xi yelled, scrambling to regain his balance. "Oh. Sorry." Joshua said, steadying his hands. The world stopped shaking, and everyone slowly got to their feet.
  ####### "Try to see who you can move around!" Hayley said. "All right... Let's see..." Joshua muttered, placing his thumbs where the controllers were supposed to be. Everyone braced themselves for potential impact. Joshua slid his thumb across the screen, and... Charlotte went flying straight into a block of stone. "Charlotte! Are you okay?" Wynne raced over to Charlotte and helped her up. "Ouch... That hurts..." Charlotte muttered. "Are you kidding me?! Out of all the people here, you're controlling Charlotte?!" Keith yelled out. "That's it... We're dead..." Liqi added, shaking his head. "Wait. Hold on. Why? So what if Joshua's the one controlling Charlotte?" Chenlu asked. Chern Xi replied, "Charlotte's the best player here. Joshua, on the other hand, is the worst. We need Charlotte if we hope to beat the game and get out of here." "Now that I think about it, it's probably better that Joshua didn't come with us. We would've just had another person to take care of." Sylvia said. "Oh..." An overwhelming heaviness set over the group. Everyone was thinking the same thing. *How are we going to get out of here?!*
  ######## 
